
## Problem Description

In this problem, you are given the root of a BST, and you need to return the smallest difference between the values of any two distinct nodes. The properties of a BST ensure that an in-order traversal will yield values in sorted order, which simplifies the process of finding the minimum difference.

## Key Characteristics of a BST:

- Each node has at most two children.
- The left child's value is less than its parent's value.
- The right child's value is greater than its parent's value.

## Approach to Solve the Problem

## In-Order Traversal

The optimal way to find the minimum absolute difference is to perform an in-order traversal of the BST. During this traversal:

1. Keep track of the previous node's value.
2. Calculate the difference between the current node's value and the previous node's value.
3. Update the minimum difference found so far.

## Algorithm Steps

1. Initialize variables to store the previous node's value (set it to infinity initially) and the minimum difference (also set it to infinity).
2. Perform a recursive in-order traversal:
    - Traverse the left subtree.
    - Process the current node:
        - If there is a previous node, calculate the absolute difference and update the minimum difference if this new difference is smaller.
        - Update the previous node's value to the current node's value.
    - Traverse the right subtree.
3. Return the minimum difference after completing the traversal.

## Complexity Analysis

- **Time Complexity**: O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the tree, as each node is visited exactly once.
- **Space Complexity**: O(h), where h is the height of the tree, due to recursion stack space. For balanced trees, this is O(logn), while for skewed trees, it could be O(n).

## Approaches
leetcode problems processing order 98-530

```java
/**
 * Definition for a binary tree node.
 * public class TreeNode {
 *     int val;
 *     TreeNode left;
 *     TreeNode right;
 *     TreeNode() {}
 *     TreeNode(int val) { this.val = val; }
 *     TreeNode(int val, TreeNode left, TreeNode right) {
 *         this.val = val;
 *         this.left = left;
 *         this.right = right;
 *     }
 * }
 */
class Solution {

    private TreeNode pre = null;
    private int result = Integer.MAX_VALUE;

    public int getMinimumDifference(TreeNode root) {

        traversal(root);
        return result;   
    }


    private void traversal(TreeNode root){
        if(root == null){return;}
        //left
        traversal(root.left);
        //root-middle
        if(pre!=null){
                result = Math.min(result,root.val-pre.val);
            }
        pre=root;
        //right
        traversal(root.right);
        return;
    }
}
```